Adding Permission denied error in VSO (#3417)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3417.bugfix .rst

> Fixed a bug permission denied errors on VSO results are ugly  by adding an error message in FIDO.fetch().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where permission denied errors when downloading files are very verbose by adding an error message in `~sunpy.net.fido_factory.UnifiedDownloaderFactory.fetch`.
```
